I woke up and saw that I scratched
myself raw black bugs that's never
happened before
oh are you ready to talk about American
Horror Story cult yes but first make
sure to subscribe to GameSpot universe
we're covering this show for the whole
season as well as season three of mr.
robot
as always guys thank you for the support
we appreciate you guys watching along
with us this episode is called holes
careful guys
big big spoilers in this episode so
watch out here we go first up a quick
recap Kies cult holds a meeting and you
won't believe who joined sorry what'd I
miss
and there it is goodbye everybody where
you going Ali gets supervised visits
with Ozzy while Ivy spends more time
with winter the cult murders again and
gets rid of a couple weak links finally
we find out what happened to Kai's
parents not the only parts of my body I
do feel to be in pain alright let's dig
a little deeper into the episode and
find some more connections that welcome
back Greg thanks for joining us you lock
the room yes sorry about that let's jump
in that episode and talk about some more
connections we made number one the
biggest reveal ivy is in the cult
done kind of anticlimactic we knew this
was happening but it was pretty cool to
see in the cold open how they revealed
it right yeah I liked it there's just a
quick like a she's in the cult let's
move on now with the story we knew for
weeks were like come on just reveal it
this is insane and how dumb they're
making her look at this point one
question I have in those meetings how
awkward is it with Gary Longstreet over
there with his arm off and winter and
Ivy in the same room and they're just
like hey yeah about your arm what's up
I think it's Kaiser oh yes right now yes
so strong one more thing I want to point
out in this part of the episode Kai
mentions Paradise Lost which was a
mid-90s HBO documentary that followed
the West Memphis Three who were wrongly
convicted of murder during that trial
the prosecution claimed that the three
children were killed as a part of a
satanic ritual and Kai feels that he
really needs the up the scare level on
his on his murders you know leave back
more traces of video evidence and such
in order to really really scare the
public and increase his points in the in
the in the polls hey you got a show
video footage nowadays you got to show
something or people don't get it scare
those things do that's true and I guess
we're just gonna have to kill Bob in the
most horrible satanic way possible the
episode is called holes referring to of
course Ali's trip a phobia and
additionally the boy she feels after ivy
took Ozzy from her it was like she
prepared she closed down and everything
so fast next up we head over to Bob's
house and we find out he's not the
normal dude that we thought he was this
isn't some kind of Fifty Shades of Grey
[ __ ] this is Full Tilt kink he has a
[ __ ] tied up on hooks in his attic and
he walks downstairs licking the blood
off his fingers yeah some straight-up
American Psycho slash that's gross
American Psycho slash Pulp Fiction stuff
going on in the Attic yeah Bob is not a
normal dude he had some other secrets
going on in his own life but we also
find out you know obviously Beverly is a
strong personality within the cult she
gets her revenge on Bob and there are
some weak links yeah and the scene
pretty much sets you up for another
scene later on just to let you know the
characters and set you up quickly with
who's top dog and this yes scene right
now
yeah she's challenging everyone else in
the group to kind of get even more
extreme yeah one little side note okay
you're killing Bob off now they already
killed off cerise arena earlier you're
making too many ways in the same news
station yelling these guys awful might
get suspicious now I get it it's a TV
show so I'm not gonna go too far into
that but again I don't think you would
want to do that and the camera guys
right forget some other people and
they're gonna need to hire some camera
guys too and I know we've spent a lot of
the season not really seeing that behind
the masks and then we finally get them
with their masks off we get to see who's
who but the cold is pretty sloppy do it
in private
I mean you don't know bob has cameras in
that house
same time I get it it's it's like an
superhero feeling so yet like we gotta
see his face at some point in the movie
we need to see the superhero take off
their masks they're recording it and
she's like don't put that camera on me
and yes off her mask like come on just
wait just wait now we know of course the
detective Samuels is in the cult so
maybe he has the entire police
department just completely turning a
blind eye to all the evidence they find
of these crime scenes it's pretty
ridiculous to be honest
now back at Ali's house she sees
Harrison come home and suspiciously
looks like he's grabbing a body bag huh
yeah and bringing into the house she has
a telescope she's looking out there and
she decides to go over there alone yes
with the baseball bat smart yeah call
the damn cops immediately call the cops
what are you doing going over there by
yourself it's not gonna end well for you
Ali come on be smart now she finds
meadow in a grave that was dug for her
in the backyard and then meadow makes it
back to her house and is captured by
Harrison again we think so Kai's plan is
to kill off the weakest of the group and
that is r.j. so Kai looking for a
creative way to get rid of RJ inside on
a nail gun and he says that the Guinness
record is 13 nails to the head before
you die on my chicken I'm not checking
that out yeah sure I believe you kind
hide whatever you two don't even guys
don't even check it don't even check it
I just believe him
and finally Beverly and KY have a
one-on-one pinky swear um yeah she got
her moment and he reveals a whole lot
more to her than he's done to anyone
else first time we finally got our
flashback of the parents we know it was
coming we knew they're probably dead
yeah and Wow this flashback was pretty
intense
so was his father got into an accident
and was stuck in a wheelchair for quite
some time mother was taking care of him
and he treated her like [ __ ] and that
resulted in a murder-suicide that was
covered up by Kai and not only Kai but
also his brother who happens to be dr.
Vincent
we knew the therapist was in on it too
obvious I thought he might be as maybe
his dad or something or something we
were going on okay relatives I get it I
feel like maybe they were just doing a
little play on psycho one little detail
Kai used to frequent the website the red
pill on reddit and of course right the
red pill is the nearly 200,000
subscribers strong subreddit that
describes itself as a place for quote
the discussion of sexual strategy in a
culture increasingly lacking a positive
identity for men [ __ ] so yeah the
two big connections we made IVs in the
cult and dr. Vincent is Kai's older
brother and he most likely is a big
player in the cult we didn't see him
physically in the cult in the meetings
but it would be weird if he did not know
what the hell was going on with Kai and
what he has going on in his life so
we're gonna definitely see him involved
in the cult when the next coming
episodes he's gonna have a bigger hand
on this okay so it's finally time for my
favorite part in the episode the clown
counter no it's not I want to go now all
right let's do this
I like the door you can't leave yeah
seven seven clowns all at once and we
got a new one with ivy you know meadow
is very good at designing this yeah I'm
actually really impressed with the
costumes here I can totally see RJ's
design walking down the street during
Halloween this year
yeah and I'm running the opposite
direction oh me too time now to talk
about our favorite lines from the
episode Greg what you got I got this one
and remember on the kill shot everybody
chant of a satin us we're gonna be
better if we said heil seitan English so
that people understand
Oh exposition they're not playing any
games here the second you heard that
they know the audience is going what is
that me and then quickly explain it to
you right before you get a chance to
look down at your phone it's it's quick
I don't know if I liked it or didn't
like it but I just thought it was kind
of clever how they're like just just get
it out of the way now
yeah and my favorite was when KY was
kind of shocked about Ivy's disdain for
being present during a murder I didn't
expect a woman who deals with dead flesh
holiday to be quite so squeamish no I
just found it funny that KY sees humor
in the fact that Ivy works in the
kitchen and his cutting meat all day and
there's a you know dam a meat locker in
their restaurant but she cannot stand
the sight of people dying in front of
her face which she should institutions
you know she shouldn't be into that
stuff but yeah you know she's not she's
not she's not psycho like all the rest
of them are speaking of psychos let's
talk about our most
we talked about it a little bit earlier
Gregg mine has to be the nail gun murder
that was pretty intense going around the
room everyone has at one shot they're
just picking parts of his head to shoot
it into that's a little bit much for me
you know I'm not into this you know the
gore even though I know it's fake I just
thought it was a little bit too much for
me yeah we go back last week remember ed
brought up the fact that was making fun
of you because you're sad about this
thing oh I clearly remember that part
it's fake its fake its fake it's a
little bit too gross we have all you got
the look away now this week I have to
like eat some crow here because yeah
that scene that's my most moment - I'm
just gonna say that I I didn't like The
[ __ ] scene I thought that was kind of
yeah
all over the place but the most moment
still is the nail gun for me - so with
all that said let us know what you
thought about the nail gun scene in the
comment section down below I want to
know what you guys thought of it alright
now it's time to talk about our winners
of the week Gregg who was your winner of
episode 5 I'm gonna go with dr. Vincent
I'm not going with Chi this week
dr. Vincent seems now like he's a huge
hand overseeing everything here
yeah Kai's got his thing going on but we
might have a big boss here that's just
dr. Benson keeping everybody in check at
some point down the line
gonna find this out a little bit more
later on yeah I feel like it's happening
pretty quickly here my winner is Beverly
I know I picked her last week as well
but she is just um she's becoming more
and more of a presence in the cult right
and she's obviously spreading her fear
on TV she's gonna need a cameraman I
think so if you're hiring actually
that's a horrible job to have because
you're probably the next one in line to
get killed but yeah she is she's also
the only person to get close enough to
Kai for him to actually share what
happened to his parents let's see how
long she lasts she might be a little bit
too powerful I gave her two more
episodes two more episodes okay finally
our last question of the week what do
you got Ryan my question has to do with
Ali obviously she gained some insider
info on the cult yes meadow revealed to
her who's in it that even Ivy's in it
and my question is how is Ali gonna use
this to her advantage obviously it makes
her feel a little different now she
doesn't feel like she's going completely
insane she has reason to believe all
this crazy stuff is happening to her how
will she use that information to uncover
the cult to find someone to help her who
can she trust there are a lot of
questions here hopefully she can you
know get her life back in order get
these murderers taken care of and get
her son back I think we're gonna have to
have some new characters in voluntee yes
she needs new health it's time to bring
in some new blood just killed off a
bunch of people a sorry RJ sorry Bob so
it looks like they may be putting this a
new people to help her out we'll see
now speaking of medow I have some
questions about that whole entire
sequence from the second she finds
meadow in the grave yeah meadow somehow
gets out of that grave runs to her
window to scream at her about this whole
thing and reveal everything I'm hoping
in my head that this is a long con
yeah that Ali is still being put tied
with even in that scene but the reveal
and everything yeah because if not then
that's just bad writing that scene too
the fact is you said that you thought
Harrison grabbed her right now in that
scene where meadow gets dragged off the
still on the line with ivy and then it
cuts and the very first cut is with ivy
looking around and you suspect that she
still has her phone back at the cult
meeting yes and then who are the two
people to come through the door it's
Harrison and you know the tech of
sandals wouldn't they have mentioned
something about meadow how did they get
there that fast right how did they get
there that fast and wouldn't they have
mentioned hey yeah we just ran into some
trouble
meadow ran out you know note and there's
no yeah I I think it's just the writing
they wanted to hurry up and get Allie to
get that big reveal that Ivy's in the
core yeah I agree
alright guys that's it for us let us
know what you thought of episode 5 and
any predictions you might have for the
rest of the season one question for you
guys do you think that Ally could
survive all season long that's a tough
one
let us know what you guys think in the
comments below and thank you for
subscribing we will be back next week
with episode 6 hi guys
brought to you by the evil within to the
evil within to available October 13th